CONDITIONS FOR ACCESS AND USE
Welcome to this Authorized access Only Home Page. All access to, and any use of, this Authorized access Only Home Page and any Web page or Internet site established by any of the Department's boards, bureaus, programs or divisions, is governed by the following disclaimers and limits on use.

DISCLAIMER INFORMATION
Disclaimer of Liability Neither the Operator of this resource, this Authorized access Only Home Page nor its contributors shall be held liable for any improper or incorrect use of the information described and/or contained herein and assumes no responsibility for anyone's use of the information. In no event shall this Authorized access Only, this Authorized access Only Home Page or its contributors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to: procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, tort (including negligence or otherwise), or any other theory arising in any way out of the use of this system, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury, whether based on alleged breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence or any other cause of action, including but not limited to damages or injuries caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, and/or theft, destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of any record.

Indemnification  User agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless, this Authorized access Only, this Authorized access Only Home Page, its contributors, any entity jointly created by them, their respective affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of the use of the on-line service by user or user's account.
Disclaimer of Warranties/Accuracy and Use of Data/Computer Viruses  Although the data found using this Authorized access Only Home Page access systems have been produced and processed from sources believed to be reliable, no warranty expressed or implied is made regarding accuracy, adequacy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information. This disclaimer applies to both isolated and aggregate uses of the information. this Authorized access Only and this Authorized access Only Home Page provide this information on an "AS IS" basis. All warranties of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, freedom from contamination by computer viruses and non-infringement of proprietary rights ARE DISCLAIMED. Changes may be periodically added to the information herein; these changes may or may not be incorporated in any new version of the publication. If the user has obtained information from This Authorized access Only Home Page from a source other than This Authorized access Only Home Page, the user must be aware that electronic data can be altered subsequent to original distribution. Data can also quickly become out-of-date. It is recommended that the user pay careful attention to the contents of any metadata associated with a file, and that the originator of the data or information be contacted with any questions regarding appropriate use. If the user finds any errors or omissions, we encourage the user to report them to this Authorized access Only Home Page Webmaster.

Disclaimer of Endorsement  this Authorized access Only and this Authorized access Only Home Page are distributors of content sometimes supplied by third parties and users. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, including information providers, users, or others, are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and do not necessarily state or reflect those of this Authorized access Only.  Reference herein to any specific commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by this Authorized access Only or this Authorized access Only Home Page, and such reference shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.

Disclaimer: Links Neither this Authorized access Only, this Authorized access Only Home Page nor its contributors is responsible for the contents of any off-site pages that reference, or that are referenced by, this Authorized access Only Home Page. The user specifically acknowledges that neither this Authorized access Only, this Authorized access Only Home Page nor its contributors is liable for any defamatory, offensive, misleading or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user.
Links from this Authorized access Only Home Page on the World Wide Web to other sites, or from other sites to this Authorized access Only Home Page, do not constitute an endorsement by this Authorized access Only or this Authorized access Only Home Page. These links are for convenience only. It is the responsibility of the user to evaluate the content and usefulness of information obtained from other sites.
This web site contains links to other sites. When you link to another site, you are no longer on this Authorized access Only, and/or it's individual Board or Bureau web site and are subject to the privacy policies and other practices of the new site. This Authorized access Only and/or it's Board or Bureaus has no control over and is not responsible for the information, practices or content of these or any other sites and your participation in promotions or services of any kind with any third party found on or though this site, or your correspondence or business dealings of any kind with any third party found on or through this site, including without limitation, payments, warranties, or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and that third party.
This Authorized access Only and/or it's Board or Bureaus does not, by way of its links to other sites, endorse, adopt, recommend, promote or support products, positions, statements made or taken by parties controlling the other sites.
This Authorized access Only and/or it's Board or Bureaus is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of your dealings with third party advertisers, or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the web site.
Disclaimer of Duty to Continue Provision of the Data  Due to the dynamic nature of the Internet, resources that are free and publicly available one day may require a fee or restrict access the next, and the location of items may change as menus, homepages, and files are reorganized. User expressly agrees that use of This Authorized access Only Home Page is at the user's sole risk. Neither this Authorized access Only, this Authorized access Only Home Page, any entity jointly created by them, any of their affiliates, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, third party content providers or licensers warrants that the service will be uninterrupted or error free.

Choice of Law  Construction of the disclaimers above and resolution of disputes thereof are governed by the laws of this Authorized access Only.
Copying of Documents  this Authorized access Only authorizes the user to copy, for non-commercial use only, documents published by this Authorized access Only on the World Wide Web. In consideration of this authorization, the user agrees that any copy of these documents which the user makes shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices that may be contained therein.
Each individual document published by this Authorized access Only on the World Wide Web may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information relating to that individual document. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication or otherwise any license or right under any patent or trademark of this Authorized access Only or any third party. Except as expressly provided above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any Authorized access Only copyright.
Although this Authorized access Only strives for accuracy in its publications, any publication may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes, corrections and improvements may be made periodically to these publications, and will be incorporated in new versions of these publications. this Authorized access Only may make changes, corrections and/or improvements in its publications, and/or the products, programs or services described in those publications, at any time without notice.

Unauthorized Use/Access  This computing system is operated by this Authorized access Only and is for official use only. Unauthorized access, unauthorized attempted access, or unauthorized use of any Authorized access Only computing system is a violation of Section 502 of the California Penal Code and/or applicable federal law, and may be subject to prosecution.
Individuals using this computing system without authority, or in excess of their authority, are subject to having their activities on this system monitored and recorded by system personnel. All http and ftp accesses are logged. In the course of such monitoring, or in the course of system maintenance or trouble shooting, the activities of authorized users also may be monitored.

Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring and is advised that if such monitoring reveals possible evidence of criminal activity, further legal action may be taken.
